The objective of the simulator is to test and gain intuitions about
how the robot behaves and could behave. Since we get as output a
relatively real-looking picture, we could also test the vision system
with this.

Since the real environment has significant latency for getting the
picture from the camera, we could use a number of buffers to display
older images first to the vision system, simulating this latency, and
seeing how well the prediction code is working.

As of now, there are some subgoals we want to satisfy with the
simulator:

- Make robots collide with other objects.

- Make the ball/pitch friction match the real friction.

- Implement the kicker for the robots.

- Come up with suitable way to convert between the pixel-based
  simulator and real-world measures. Or make the simulator internally
  work with real-world measures.

- Measure the robot's maximum directional and rotational speed, the
  force with which the kicker kicks the ball and possibly acceleration
  and even mass (if we want to simulate "tackles"). One important
  thing might be to move in an arc, so we'll probably want to make
  sure the measured properties duplicate arcing movement faithfully.

- Make our robot's simulated counterpart's move like the physical
  robot so we can run the unmodified strategy program in both
  environments.

- Make robots driven by the strategy/behaviour system -- we can test
  against ourselves and against some "ideal" opponent or against other
  things like a robot that only moves towards the other robot or the
  ball.

- Interface the simulator with the vision system for testing purposes:
  run a standard program where we know the positions of things and
  compare them to the output of the vision system -- we can automate
  vision system's testing in this way!

- Similarly, the strategy system can be benchmarked and tested against
  a number of standard opponent programs (and scenarios like
  intercepting the ball).

- Implement shadows for further testing the vision system. For maximum
  effect, put random shadow blobs over the pitch.
